Feature/add union schema (#19)
fivetran/dbt_youtube_analytics: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_youtube_analytics v0.5.0

## Feature Updates
- Introduced the ability to union multiple schemas or databases. For more information on how to leverage this feature, refer to the [README](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_youtube_analytics/blob/main/README.md#unioning-multiple-youtube-analytics-connections).

## Breaking Changes:
- Following the unioning functionality, we have added a new field `source_relation` which identifies the source of each record.

## Documentation
- Added Quickstart model counts to README. ([#18](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_youtube_analytics/pull/18))
- Corrected references to connectors and connections in the README. ([#18](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_youtube_analytics/pull/18))

> ## Under the Hood

Author: updated

# dbt_youtube_analytics v0.5.0
[PR #19](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_youtube_analytics/pull/19) includes the following updates:

## Feature Updates
- Introduced the ability to union multiple schemas or databases. For more information on how to leverage this feature, refer to the [README](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_youtube_analytics/blob/main/README.md#unioning-multiple-youtube-analytics-connections).

## Breaking Changes:

> - Following the unioning functionality, we have added a new field `source_relation` which identifies the source of each record.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Following the unioning functionality, we have added a new field `source_relation` to every model. This identifies the source of each record.
```

> - Updated the source table references in order to execute the union macro successfully.
>   - The `channel_basic` reference has been changed to `channel_basic_a_2`
>   - The `channel_demographics` reference has been changed to `channel_demographics_a_1`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the `source.name` for the following tables in order to execute the union macro successfully. The source `names` are now aligned with their `identifiers` as they appear in the warehouse, rather than shortening the table names.
  - The source node for the `channel_basic_a_2` table has been updated from `channel_basic` to `channel_basic_a_2`
  - The source node for the `channel_demographics_a_1` table has been updated from `channel_demographics` to `channel_demographics_a_1`
```
